CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a 
   build.
2. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 
   variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
3. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this
   Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
4. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you 
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

Commit message:

Add `Issues` and `Pull Requests` Headers

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

### Issues

Issues should be used to report problems with the library, request a new feature, or to discuss potential changes before a PR is created. When you create a new Issue, a template will be loaded that will guide you through collecting and providing the information we need to investigate.

If you find an Issue that addresses the problem you're having, please add your own reproduction information to the existing issue rather than creating a new one. Adding a [reaction](https://github.blog/2016-03-10-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments/) can also help be indicating to our maintainers that a particular problem is affecting more than just the reporter.

### Pull Requests

PRs to our libraries are always welcome and can be a quick way to get your fix or improvement slated for the next release. In general, PRs should:

- Only fix/add the functionality in question **OR** address wide-spread whitespace/style issues, not both.
- Add unit or integration tests for fixed or changed functionality (if a test suite already exists).
- Address a single concern in the least number of changed lines as possible.
- Be accompanied by a complete Pull Request template (loaded automatically when a PR is created).

For changes that address core functionality or would require breaking changes (e.g. a major release), it's best to open an Issue to discuss your proposal first. This is not required but can save time creating and reviewing changes.

In general, we follow the ["fork-and-pull" Git workflow](https://github.com/susam/gitpr)

1. Fork the repository to your own Github account
2. Clone the project to your machine
3. Create a branch locally with a succinct but descriptive name
4. Commit changes to the branch
5. Following any formatting and testing guidelines specific to this repo
6. Push changes to your fork
7. Open a PR in our repository and follow the PR template so that we can efficiently review the changes.
